README.md, before:


  [![made-with-Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Markdown-1f425f.svg)](http://commonmark.org)

  # Good README Generator
  
  This command-line application dynamically generates a README.md from a user's input. The user will be prompted for their GitHub username, which will be used to make a call to the GitHub API to retreive their email address and profile image. They will then be prompted with questions about their project.
  
  ## Table of Contents
  
  1. [Installation](#installation)
  2. [Usage](#usage)
  3. [License](#license)
  4. [Contributing](#contributing)
  5. [Tests](#tests)
  6. [Questions](#questions)
  
  ## Installation
  
  The application will be installed with the following command(s):
  ```sh
  npm install
  ```
  ## Usage
  
  Answer the prompts generated by the CLI to create a README for your project. The application will then create a file, README.md, with your input.
  ```sh
  node index.js
  ```
  ## Contributing
  
  [Contributer Covenant](https://www.contributer-covenant.org/)
  
  ## Tests
  ```sh
  No tests at this moment
  ```

## Questions
              Have a question? Shoot me an email
              Email: [ayanna.shaheed@gmail.com](mailto:ayanna.shaheed@gmail.com)
![Image of User](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/22031033?v=4)

Commit message:

Made some changes to README template. Added instrctions for generating a personal token

README.md, after:

[![made-with-Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Markdown-1f425f.svg)](http://commonmark.org)

  # Good README Generator
  
  This command-line application dynamically generates a README.md from a user's input. The user will be prompted for their GitHub username, which will be used to make a call to the GitHub API to retreive their email address and profile image. They will then be prompted with questions about their project.
  
  ## Table of Contents
  
  1. [Installation](#installation)
  2. [Usage](#usage)
  3. [License](#license)
  4. [Contributing](#contributing)
  5. [Tests](#tests)
  6. [Questions](#questions)
  
  ## Installation
  
  The application will be installed with the following command(s):
  ```sh
  npm install
  ```
  ## Usage
  
  Answer the prompts generated by the CLI to create a README for your project. You will need a personal access token from Github to use the app. Follow the directions in the following article to generate one, [Creating a personal access token for the command line](https://https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line). Once you answer all of the prompts, the application will then create a file, README.md, with your input.
  
  The application will be ran with the following command(s):
  ```sh
  node index.js
  ```
  ## Contributing
  
  [Contributer Covenant](https://www.contributer-covenant.org/)
  
  ## Tests
  ```sh
  No tests at this moment
  ```

## Questions
Have a question? Shoot me an email
Email: [ayanna.shaheed@gmail.com](mailto:ayanna.shaheed@gmail.com)
![Image of User](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/22031033?v=4)
